CON-380: Documentation feedback (#7)
rticommunity/rticonnextdds-connector-rust: examples/shapes/README.md

This example demonstrates how to create and manipulate ShapeType data using

> `rtiddsconnector`. It bundles publisher and subscriber functionality in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rtiddsconnector`. Publisher and subscriber functionality is bundled in a
```

single application for simplicity.

> See [the `shapes` documentation in the API reference][api-reference] for more details

Reviewer: The output link looks weird because of the formatting on "shapes."

```suggestion
See [the example documentation in the API reference][api-reference] for more details
````

Author: What do you mean? `shapes` here refers to the `shapes` "example crate". It is rendered as follows, in the API reference.

<img width="454" height="525" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/47e6ee5b-cbbd-4fac-ac73-bc5f7b7ae95a" />

Reviewer: When I use the "view file" command, the link looks like this:

<img width="613" height="90" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/219796bc-1790-4f57-9a27-49478e85c090" />
